When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

  	To share it with others or to work on different computers.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

	Because if I'm working on my local repository and git pulls an older version my work maybe is lost.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

	Clones get's the exact project and also refers to it. Used to collaborate.
	Forks are clones on github but doesn't affect the original repository. Used to work on a project when you don't have access to the original repository.
	Branches are different verions in one repository. 

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

	It can be verified which changes were made online and locally.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

	I would manually implement each change the other person made. This would be a lot harder.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

	When you want to add a new feature or change something and ask other if the change is appropriate or not. Further the master version stays working.

Commands:

git remote  |    Show all remote locations for the repository
git remote add origin url |     Add a new remote location for the repository. Origin is the default name to use when you create only one remote location. Url should be the https url to the github repository.
git remove -v  |    Outputs the remote locations with verbose information (fetch and push urls)
git push origin master  |    Push the master branch to the remote location origin.
git pull origin master  |    Get the master branch from the remote location origin.
git pull origin master  |    = Git fetch origin + git merge master origin/master
git fetch origin  |    Get the changes from the remote location into the (hidden?) origin/master branch