What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	A new hidden git folder is created. You need to do it to start a new git project.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

	Not all files in the working directory has to be in the staging area, so not all files has to bei commited at the same time.
	
How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

	I can use git diff and git diff --staged.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

	When you have tried out different things but are not sure which you really want. You can easily switch through the branches.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	You can see which changes are made in which brand and can look up where you have to search for a specific commit.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

	It is one branch including every change made in the single branches. Because we can see every commit made in each branch.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

	It's faster, but there can be problems with some parts of the code.

Commands:

git add  |    Add a file to the staging area
git commit  |    Commit the files from the staging area to the repository 
git status  |    Show which files are in the staging area, and which files from the working directory are not part of the repository    
git diff  |    Git diff without arguments is comparing the working directory with the staging area
git diff --staged  |    Compare the staging area with the repository
git reset --hard  |    Undo all changes! There is no rollback for this, so be carefull!
git checkout master  |    Restore the "Head" to the latest check-in (this will be part of a later lesson/module)
git log --graph --oneline <branch1> <branch2>  |    Show a visual representation of the commit history within different branches
git checkout -b new_branch_name  |    Creates a new branch and do a checkout on this branch in one call instead of git branch new_branch_name and git checkout new_branch_name
git merge branch1 branch2  |    Merge two branches, branch2 get merged into branch1
git branch -d name  |    Remove the branch with the specified name
git show commitId  |    Show the changes made in this commit compared to the previous version. This is working even after merging.